[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film the cloverfield paradox
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
with the energy on earth running out
the world is on the brink of war in
order to resolve the energy crisis
scientists build a shepherd particle
accelerator on cloverfield station
believing that as long as it works it
would provide the earth with infinite
energy
however a research team of top
scientists from around the world
works together but still can't activate
the shepherd particle accelerator
since the first time the ignition fails
scientists have tried numerous times to
activate it within two years
but to no avail all the crew members
suffer from great pressure and
depression
what's worse the fuel left on the
station is only enough to be used for
ignition
roughly for another three times this is
their last hope
should it fail it will be devastating to
earth the russian cosmonaut vodka blames
its failure on the german physicist
so the enraged to start a fight the
other teammates pull the two apart
and calm them down later they start the
second attempt of ignition
meanwhile a famous science fiction
writer on earth is being interviewed
from his point of view the accelerator
is too powerful
they risk ripping open the membrane of
space-time when they test it
the experiment might even unleash
monsters however
no matter how much the writer worries
about the cloverfield paradox
the commander still orders to proceed to
their delight they achieve a seemingly
stable beam this time
just as they are celebrating the system
overloads and the station shakes
violently
multiple breakdowns occur in the station
seeing the fire spread
the german physicist and his girlfriend
the chinese engineer
use the ventilation system to put out
the fire but soon they find that the
earth has disappeared from sight
vodka assumes that there is something
wrong with the orientation system
as long as they fix the gyroscope they
can find the earth
but the other female astronaut ava soon
finds that the gyroscope has disappeared
as they are working they hear a terrific
shriek
following the voice the crew find a girl
named nina behind a wall
fused with wire she groans in pain and
calls out ava's name
they take her out and send her to the
medical room immediately
because the woman is in a coma they
can't get anything from her
so they decide to let her rest and
continue to repair the station
but strange things start to happen on
the station
the irish astronaut wearing an angry
mustache finds that all the worms are
gone
meanwhile vodka is horrified to notice
something is moving under his skin
and his eyeballs begin to move without
his control and he speaks to himself in
the mirror
and uses a 3d printer to make a gun he
uses the gun to threaten the german
physicist to tell what germany is after
but before he can finish his sentence he
convulses greatly
and dies in the medical room the worms
that disappeared burst out of him
which frightens everyone later the woman
wakes up
and tells ava that she is her friend and
works as an engineer on the space
station
she knows everyone here except for the
chinese engineer
mina is so confused because she
remembers ava didn't board the ship this
time
and she can't believe that none of the
crew know her except ava
but she still warns ava that it is the
german physicist that destroyed the
accelerator
hearing this the commander checks his
communication log
it turns out that the german physicist
does work for a german intelligence
agency
he has been sabotaging the station in
secret to make sure that the accelerator
doesn't work properly
before germany beats russia under his
accusations however
the german physicist seems innocent and
tries to explain himself
but the commander won't believe his
smelly man because he has got the
evidence
so the commander locks the german
physicist up nobody notices the chinese
engineer and ava are not in the group
photo
hung on the wall instead the girl mina
is there
in the meantime the foosball is rotating
fast by itself
and the colors are changing what's more
when the angry mustache is fixing the
panel
his right arm is sucked into the wall
but his angry mustache is spared
the angry mustache screams in anger and
cries for help
when people hear him and pull him out
his arm is cut clean off
but without any blood or pain nobody
knows how that could happen
everybody's shocked but feels lucky for
his angry mustache is left uninjured
but the angry mustache regrets a lot for
he'd rather choose to sacrifice his
goddamn smelly and angry mustache
rather than his right arm that could be
used very often for self-hormone let go
when confined in such an isolated space
station
just when people are trying to figure
out what is going on the german
physicist finds that he is released
at first he thinks it is the commander
that opens the door
he walks out but sees no one when he
sees something strange is outside
he calls for everyone people gather and
see the angry mustaches missing arm is
roaming on its own
they don't know but do but to trap it
under a glass case and observe it
believing that it may soon miss the self
hormone let go that way
the german physicist is convinced that
it is all due to the overload of the
accelerator
particles can interact with each other
across two dimensions
that's why there are so many unexplained
happenings on the station
shortly after rather than self-hormone
let go the right arm is trying to write
something down
so the group give it a marker the arm
instructs them to cut vodka open
but they feel sorry for vodka they still
cut his belly open
and are all astonished to find the
missing gyroscope inside
exuding some vodka flavor with the
gyroscope put in place
they realize the station is just upside
down
they locate the sun and earth and begin
restoring their communications
suddenly they hear from the news that
the war in europe has lasted for 14
months
the world is in a total mess because of
the energy crisis
much to their shock the news even says
that the wreckage of the cloverfield
station
is found in the sea and the crew are
also missing
the german physicist concludes it is not
just particles of two dimensions
interacting
but also they have traveled to another
parallel world
the universe they are staying in now is
at war and it's not their real home
meanwhile on earth ava's husband hears
an explosion in the city
as a doctor he decides to drive to the
hospital to help
but on his way he is told that the
hospital is destroyed
and the cloverfield station is missing
right then the husband sees a giant
shadow
passing through the ruins in the dust he
saves a crying little girl
taking her to a safe house with him
ava's husband is not sure what is going
on
but he thinks that it's the cloverfield
paradox that leads to the missing of the
station
while he is on the phone the alarm in
the safe house is triggered
then comes the explosion on the station
the crew are preparing to repair the
accelerator and go back to the original
universe after analyzing the data
the chinese engineer thinks that it
might be the condensation that caused
the overload
believing that ventilation may fix that
problem she then goes to the condensing
chamber to check the circuits
while the german physicist finds that
ventilation can stabilize the
accelerator
before he can share the good news an
accident happens
the chinese engineer is locked in the
condensing chamber and the condensing
liquid begins to flood in it
hearing her call for help people rush to
rescue but the door is sealed
and they can't do anything about it with
the pressure increasing
the door begins to buckle the damaged
chamber freezes immediately
together with the chinese engineer the
engineer's death grieves the german
physicist
and makes the start of the accelerator
impossible they can only place hope on
mina
who is also the engineer from this
universe the commander promises mina
that once she succeeds
he will give all the experience data of
the accelerator to her
mina tells the crew that due to the
damage to the equipment they can only
ignite the accelerator when it is fully
charged
while everyone is working ava takes
meena to get changed
mina tells ava that her children are
alive in this parallel universe
that's why eva doesn't get on board the
station ava is astonished to hear that
because in her universe her children
died in an accident
when she sees in the video that her kids
are alive she decides to stay in this
universe
and prevent the tragedy from happening
again at first the commander doesn't
agree with ava's request
because there is already an ava in this
universe if she stays
it will cause more problems but in the
end the commander is moved by her
determination
and allows her to stay shortly after in
order to generate enough power
the crew decide to shut down some life
supporting equipment temporarily
and open it when the ignition is done
while the angry mustache is working on
it
a strange magnetic field appears in the
oxygen tank
and he is trapped in the wall by some
metal binder
soon after the oxygen tank explodes and
causes great damage to the station
if they can't attach the maintenance
deck it will rip the station apart
therefore commander brings ava and a
doctor to repair it
however when they reach the designated
location the commander suddenly shuts
ava and the doctor outside
because somebody has to stay behind and
do it manually
ava and her teammate watch the commander
successfully detaches the deck
but sacrifices himself with the deck
leaving away from the station
the crew are lifted out of danger ava
decides to go to earth with mina in an
escaped capsule
before leaving ava asks mina to make a
copy of the experiment date of the
accelerator
and hands over the key to ignition to
the doctor but mina has
other plans she gets a gun and knocks
ava out in the escape capsule
later she activates the auto return
system of the escape capsule
and shots the doctor taking the key from
him
when ava awakes she stops the system and
rushes out
only to find that the doctor is dead and
the german physicist is injured
mina tells ava that the world she
belongs to is on the brink of doomsday
because of the energy crisis
and only the shepherd particle
accelerator can bring hope to this world
so she decides to kill three people to
save eight billion people while mina is
arguing with ava
the german physicist fights back and
buys ava some time to run away
but soon meena catches up and fights
with ava
during the fighting nina shoots out the
window and is injected into deep space
luckily ava shuts the door in time and
survives
later ava gets the bullet out of the
german physicist
because the ignition needs two persons
to operate ava decides to go back to her
universe with him
before leaving she sends all the
accelerator data to her alternate
universe self
and warns her to keep away from the
dangerous power cell
after all this ava and the germans start
the ignition procedure at the same time
and reverse the universe shift next they
use the ventilation
and ignite again this time the
accelerator works steadily
after reporting to the command center
ava and the german physicist returned to
earth in an evacuation capsule
however when ava's husband gets the news
that ava is coming back
he is in despair it turns out that the
overload produced by the accelerator
has caused the interlacing of multiple
dimensions
and horrible creatures from other
universes appear on this world
after a long journey the capsule enters
the earth's atmosphere finally
however what welcomes them on the planet
earth is not peace
but a giant monster warring up and
jumping out of the thick clouds
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out